Hello everyone, thanks for joining the product sync.
Hi Sarah, I have the latest metrics ready to share.
Great! Let's start with the user engagement numbers.
Our DAU increased by 23% this month. The new onboarding flow is working really well.
That's fantastic! I'll update the investor deck with these numbers today.
Thanks Lisa. Mike, can you also prepare a detailed analysis of the user retention cohorts?
Sure, I'll have that analysis ready by Wednesday. Will include the segment breakdown you requested.
I also need to schedule the board presentation. Sarah, are you available next Thursday?
Thursday works. Let's book 2 hours. We need to cover Q1 results and Q2 planning.
Speaking of Q2, we should prioritize the mobile app improvements. I'll draft a proposal this week.
Agreed. That's a critical initiative. Include timeline and resource requirements.
I'll review the budget allocations and make sure we have funding secured.
Perfect. Let me summarize our action items:
Lisa will update the investor deck today and review budget allocations.
Mike will prepare the retention analysis by Wednesday and draft the mobile app proposal.
I'll coordinate the board presentation for next Thursday.
Sounds good. Should we invite the engineering team to the next sync?
Yes, let's include them. We'll need their input on the mobile app timeline.
I'll send the invite. Same time next week?
Yes, that works. Thanks everyone, great meeting!